Adam Gross
=========================

----

>  Specialties: Java, Python, Linux, Cloud-based Software Engineering at scale, and oral and written
>  communication. Experience in the full life-cycle of the software development process including 
>  agile software development, requirement gathering, design, coding, testing, debugging, and maintenance.

----

Work Experience
--------------------

Since December 2018
:   *Software Engineer for Google*
    (Los Angeles, California).

    Working in the Search Ads division on the data pipeline for various machine learning models used for ad 
    relevance and quality.

2017-2018
:   *Software Engineer for Amazon* (San Francisco, California).

    Worked on the subscriptions team for Amazon Music, focusing on subscriber growth. Launched Amazon Music 
    in Australia and New Zealand. Led design, implementation, and delivery of Amazon Music subscription + 
    AT&T data plan bundle. Launched subscription growth experiments in the UK and Germany.

2016
:   *Software Development Internship at Amazon Web Services*
    (Seattle, Washington).

    Worked in the AWS Infrastructure division, improving server fleet health analysis with Elasticsearch and 
    various AWS technologies.
2015
:   *Software Development Internship at [Radware](www.radware.com)* (Tel Aviv, Israel).

    Worked in the SDN division on an application delivery controller using OpenFlow and Open vSwitch 
    technology.
2014
:   *Product Management Internship at [Idealab](http://idealab.com/)* (Pasadena, California).

    Prototyped and developed concepts generated by the leadership team using lean market strategies.

Education
---------

2013-2017
:   *Vanderbilt University School of Engineering, B.S.*
    (Nashville, Tennessee).

    Computer Science, Math, and History with a concentration in the Middle East and North Africa triple major.
    3.4/4.0 GPA. Served as Vice President (2016), President (2016-2017), and Treasurer (2017) of the VandyApps
    computer science club.

Activities and interests
------------------------

I am a passionate photographer, jazz-funk musician (piano, guitar, and bass), and reader. My areas of interest
span philosophy, ethics, technology, politics, spirituality, economics, management, entrepreneurship, and 
religion. I exercise through basketball, hiking/trail running, and rock climbing.

----

> <amgross4@gmail.com> • +1 (818) 983-6258 • 24 years old\
>  16155 High Valley Place, Encino CA 91436
